hi i'm edward current now i have to
apologize for my disheveled appearance
today
I know it's very unchristian of me but
I've been down in the dumps lately now I
don't know when you'll be watching this
but for me it's the last week of the
2008 election and it's looking pretty
grim for us real Americans by the time
you see this our once great country may
have been transformed into some Islamic
communist ik a theocracy where adult
Scout leaders are marrying their boy
scouts and school children are forced to
learn both math and science where words
like socialist and elite are defined not
by war heroes and hockey moms and
plumbers but by special interests like
big dictionary it's so depressing I mean
you know it's bad when voters aren't
even being scared and threatened back
onto the path of righteousness like they
usually are but you know I've decided to
do something about it
I am organizing a mass prayer for this
Sunday at 8 p.m. basically I want
everyone watching to pray for Armageddon
for the end of all non biblical
Christian life on earth the time has
come to flush this hope ridden cultural
mess down the cosmic toilet once and for
all I mean we pray together to keep a
sick person alive right and that works
sometimes so why not pray for everyone
to die all we have to do is get lots and
lots of those good prayer waves swirling
around the planet now my my pastor
doesn't like it when I call them waves
but come on that's what they are when we
pray we set up these vibrations of
devotion which God then listens to with
his invisible ears and I figure that
with enough people praying at once our
prayers will reach some
a critical density to the point that God
just won't be able to ignore them you
know like he usually does and Jesus will
come upon us and those godless liberal
politicians will be cast into the lake
of fire screaming in agony come on admit
it it's the stuff we've all been
dreaming about so let us help our Lord
Father cleanse the world of this
dangerous spread of non Christianity by
way of this final solution through the
magical power of prayer with these rays
of pure worship being beamed up to the
sky by the thousands I promise I
guarantee that every non-christian on
earth today will in fact die eventually
true Christians let's all work together
and make it happen this Sunday at 8 p.m.
American time total global destruction
let's face it Christian Republicans it's
pretty much the only thing we have left
thank you and may God have mercy on
America good night